Update TeamsFx-preview-and-customize-app-manifest.md (#11551)
MicrosoftDocs/msteams-docs: msteams-platform/toolkit/TeamsFx-preview-and-customize-app-manifest.md

1. You can define your own environment variables. The default manifest.json contains some placeholders with format of ${{xx_xx}}. You can define your own environment variables and add placeholders in the manifest.json file.
For example, you can customize app description by defining a new environment variable in env/.env.xx file, and update manifest.json with corresponding placeholder.

   `.env.dev`

   ```text
   TEAMS_APP_DESCRIPTION=This is an amazing app
   ```
   `manifest.json`

   ```json
    {

>         "$schema": "https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/json-schemas/teams/v1.16/MicrosoftTeams.schema.json",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        "$schema": "https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/json-schemas/teams/v1.17/MicrosoftTeams.schema.json",
```

>         "manifestVersion": "1.16",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        "manifestVersion": "1.17",
```

1. You can define your own environment variables. The default manifest.json contains some placeholders with format of ${{xx_xx}}. You can define your own environment variables and add placeholders in the manifest.json file.
For example, you can customize app description by defining a new environment variable in env/.env.xx file, and update manifest.json with corresponding placeholder.

   `.env.dev`

   ```text
   TEAMS_APP_DESCRIPTION=This is an amazing app
   ```
   `manifest.json`

   ```json
    {
        "$schema": "https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/json-schemas/teams/v1.17/MicrosoftTeams.schema.json",
        "manifestVersion": "1.17",
        "description": {
            "short": "${{TEAMS_APP_DESCRIPTION}}",
            "full": "Full description of tab0418"
        },
    }
   ```

> 1. Starting with Teams Toolkit 5.10, using the `file` function you can store the value of a field, such as a lengthy or multiline app description, in a separate text file. For example, create a `description.txt` file in the parent folder of `manifest.json` to store your app's complete description. Then, set the value of `description.full` in `manifest.json` as `$[file('description.txt')]`. Teams Toolkit will read the content from the text file and use it as full description when building an app package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Starting with Teams Toolkit 5.10, using the `file` function you can store the value of a field, such as a lengthy or multiline app description, in a separate text file. For example, create a `description.txt` file in the parent folder of `manifest.json` to store your app's complete description. Then, set the value of `description.full` in `manifest.json` as `$[file('description.txt')]`. Teams Toolkit reads the content from the text file and uses it as full description when building an app package.
```

   `description.txt`

   ```text
    This is the full description.
   ```

   `manifest.json`

   ```json
    {
        "$schema": "https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/json-schemas/teams/v1.17/MicrosoftTeams.schema.json",
        "manifestVersion": "1.17",
        "description": {
            "short": "Short description of tab",
            "full": "$[file('./description.txt')]"
        },
    }
   ```

>     You can also add the file path in `env/.env.xx`. Then, modify the parameter of file function to a placeholder in the `${{xx_xx}}` format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You can also add the file path in `env/.env.xx`. Then, modify the parameter of `file()` to a placeholder in the `${{xx_xx}}` format.
```

            "full": "Full description of tab0418"
        },
    }
   ```

> 1. Since Teams Toolkit 5.10, if you would like to store the value of a field, such as a lengthy or multiline app description, in a separate text file, you could use the `file` function. For example, you can create description.txt file sotring the full description of your app in the parent folder of `manifest.json`. Then set the value of description.full as `$[file('description.txt')]` in `manifest.json`. Teams Toolkit will read the content from the text file and use it as full description when building app package zip. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Starting with Teams Toolkit 5.10, using the `file` function you can store the value of a field, such as a lengthy or multiline app description, in a separate text file. Teams Toolkit will read the content from the text file and use it as full description when building an app package.
   For example, create a `description.txt` file in the parent folder of `manifest.json` to store your app's complete description. Then, set the value of `description.full` in `manifest.json` as `$[file('description.txt')]`.

Author: I think we should put "Teams Toolkit will read the content from the text file and use it as full description when building an app package." after the example as this is specific to explaining the full.description.

   `description.txt`

   ```text
    This is the full description.
   ```

   `manifest.json`

   ```json
    {

>         "$schema": "https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/json-schemas/teams/v1.16/MicrosoftTeams.schema.json",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        "$schema": "https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/json-schemas/teams/v1.17/MicrosoftTeams.schema.json",
```

>         "manifestVersion": "1.16",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        "manifestVersion": "1.17",
```

        "description": {
            "short": "Short description of tab",
            "full": "$[file('./description.txt')]"
        },
    }
   ```

>    You could either put the file path in env/.env.xx and update the input parameter function of file function to placeholder in ${{xx_xx}} format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also add the file path in `env/.env.xx`. Then, modify the parameter of file function to a placeholder in the `${{xx_xx}}` format.
```

Reviewer: @yuqizhou77

>    You could either put the file path in env/.env.xx and update the input parameter function of file function to placeholder in ${{xx_xx}} format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add the file path, update it in either `env` or `.env.xx`. Then, modify the `file` function to serve as a placeholder in the `${{xx_xx}}` format for the input parameter function.
```

Author: This is another way user can set the parameter of file function. One way is to use it as "$[file('./description.txt')]" like what we introduced above. Another one, which we are introducing here, is to use environment variable. env/.env.xx is one file, not env or .env.xx. Could you help modify the string again?

Maybe something like "Or you could put the file path in env/.env.xx. Then, modify the parameter of `file` function to a placeholder in the `${{xx_xx}}` format."?

   `.env.dev`

    ```text
     DESCRIPTION_PATH=./description.txt
    ```

    `manifest.json`

    ```json
    {

>         "$schema": "https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/json-schemas/teams/v1.16/MicrosoftTeams.schema.json",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        "$schema": "https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/json-schemas/teams/v1.17/MicrosoftTeams.schema.json",
```

>         "manifestVersion": "1.16",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        "manifestVersion": "1.17",
```
